you just can't say no to a cream cake
now can ya see we have an advantage over
blue sepharose cuz they didn't do this
did they use bone meal on their trees
wait wha I'm pretty sure we said no war
I'm not coughing seen as we get plays
that's the same way as that it's pretty
impossible to play exactly the same yes
minecraft I was harvesting all these
trees the whole hunt ghosts all the
Minecraft my guard is everything is
unique yeah how much wood is in this
tree not over 9000 or i won't i won't i
won't tell anyone oh these are a creeper
behind me or something what i thought i
thought i've got sand off I've gotten a
sound up anyway God might need to turn
my fog down cuz well his I'm trying to
experiment with my screen recording
software i'll try to see if i can get it
to compress it before prob I've already
said there's anti yeah I forget what I
say such a mess
well it could be worse this tree doesn't
know whether to fall off was gone
alright imma go plant some trees I've
got 18 saplings I've got a cool right
I'm gonna get make some torches but
believes attacked me again are you
attacking me what's going to make a
let's make our house up now oh good lord
ok I've got 43 would I've got 64 and 12
which is the 17th well six and now I've
got two stacks of wooden planks and 44
that's awesome awesome paint job ok I
think I've still got some of your stuff
yeah oh this house is looking cool have
I got this possibly yours um so I may
I'll make a flipping door to keep it
safe that would be freedom useful if I
do say so I think you had a wooden
pickaxe than you I've got a stone
pickaxe no well you've got a wooden one
as well drink yeah what can that chop
down just stone got some gold Olga smile
I got some iron ore in there any other
furnace well ok I know it's kind of
weird vibe to saw my own injury huh ok
actually what about hmm we could put a
tree up here I just put to do it but we
haven't got any do it so I don't look
I'm gonna risk it for a biscuit well
metaphorical biscuit ok
I'm just going to put my cactus in the
furnace and make it into some die for no
reason no don't put it in because we
need it don't wait the cactus form some
of the challenges well I still got it
Amelia I've got eight our gaze on this
tree here it works Oh God look at that
you just did it in the house yes found
in the house so died no how'd you die I
don't know you walked into me I was
harvesting the log I think I just
harvested in and all this move where's
your stuff that's your stuff that's your
stuff I think some of this is your staff
have all of it that's your stuff that's
your stuff I think that's yours doesn't
matter doesn't matter okay just trying
to harvest that tree up there because
inside the house I know it's on me
outside I went through the house I know
it went through the house that's what I
made to do Oh golly how she went through
through the house yes I mean I just I
was standing outside by society room at
least we can get for it quick trees yeah
you've nicked my bone meal um no I
haven't I don't do that no wasn't me he
was it lies lies don't listen to them
I'll listen to whatever I want to only
nicked my sermons to earn my other
stakes stakes hmm I counselor stakes
think about some sticks I shall make
myself a hopeful six sticks with a or
six sticks I've got some home and let it
I thought I know you run away from your
steaks how do you feel brilliant
and now I'll try knowing doesn't do that
for what what do you do I just destroyed
some dirt are you okay yes I'm all right
I'm all right oh cool I put a mushroom
in the house don't look at today's
mighty if you look at it it's mightiness
decreases by twenty percent okay I'll
try not to look at it audience don't
look at it either don't look at this
it's kind of in the doorway cyborg I'll
all got of up-to-date shipped Oh Alex to
see it goodbye Charles oh you're in nor
were they oh I've got 39 on me do you
want some oh and looked at it don't mine
oh my why not let me see tools what
tools do you need um shall we do pick
Hackett pickaxes also we do make their
make them out of stone I've got there
you go oh don't take my steaks what it's
sorry oh you can have since corn on
soaked now okay okay jolly old chap is a
youth done soaked in back in yes if
you want you can have you stepped on my
sticks a gun leaving these sticks the
nail in washroom or toadstool whatever
it is get him quick get them quick
before I take them can I come in yes did
you get your steaks don't hit me I lost
you think i vish destroyed oh oh I just
I just thank you welcome not me
could have been me come in the recording
here thing we've been playing for a
while now thank you yeah what's then
recording now and finish pretty well I
don't know how long this has been on for
but good day good day and good night we
always ended a night why do we